(UPBEAT MUSIC)
♪ WE BELONG ♪
♪ WE BELONG TO THE LIGHT ♪
♪ MANY TIMES I'VE
TRIED TO TELL YOU ♪
♪ MANY TIMES I'VE CRIED ALONE ♪
♪ ALWAYS I'M SURPRISED
HOW WELL YOU ♪
♪ CUT MY FEELINGS TO THE BONE ♪
♪ DON'T WANNA LEAVE YOU REALLY ♪
♪ I'VE INVESTED TOO MUCH TIME ♪
♪ TO GIVE YOU UP THAT EASY ♪
♪ TO THE DOUBTS THAT
COMPLICATE YOUR MIND ♪
♪ WE BELONG TO THE LIGHT ♪
♪ WE BELONG TO THE THUNDER ♪
♪ WE BELONG TO THE
SOUND OF THE WORDS ♪
♪ WE'VE BOTH FALLEN UNDER ♪
♪ WHATEVER WE DENY OR EMBRACE ♪
♪ FOR WORSE OR FOR BETTER ♪
♪ WE BELONG, WE BELONG ♪
♪ WE BELONG TOGETHER ♪
♪♪♪
♪ MAYBE IT'S A
SIGN OF WEAKNESS ♪
♪ WHEN I DON'T
KNOW WHAT TO SAY ♪
♪ MAYBE I JUST WOULDN'T KNOW ♪
♪ WHAT TO DO WITH
MY STRENGTH ANYWAY ♪
♪ HAVE WE BECOME A HABIT ♪
♪ DO WE DISTORT THE FACTS ♪
♪ NOW, THERE'S NO
LOOKING FORWARD ♪
♪ NOW, THERE'S NO TURNING BACK ♪
♪ WHEN YOU SAY ♪
♪ WE BELONG TO THE LIGHT ♪
♪ WE BELONG TO THE THUNDER ♪
♪ WE BELONG TO THE
SOUND OF THE WORDS ♪
♪ WE'VE BOTH FALLEN UNDER ♪
♪ WHATEVER WE DENY OR EMBRACE ♪
♪ FOR WORSE OR FOR BETTER ♪
♪ WE BELONG, WE BELONG ♪
♪ WE BELONG TOGETHER ♪
(UPBEAT MUSIC)
♪ CLOSE YOUR EYES AND
TRY TO SLEEP NOW ♪
♪ CLOSE YOUR EYES
AND TRY TO DREAM ♪
♪ CLEAR YOUR MIND
AND DO YOUR BEST ♪
♪ TO TRY AND WASH
THE PALETTE CLEAN ♪
♪ WE CAN'T BEGIN TO KNOW IT ♪
♪ HOW MUCH WE REALLY CARE ♪
♪ I HEAR YOUR VOICE INSIDE ME ♪
♪ I SEE YOUR FACE EVERYWHERE ♪
♪ STILL YOU SAY WE BELONG TO
THE LIGHT (WE BELONG) ♪
♪ WE BELONG TO THE THUNDER
(WE BELONG) ♪
♪ WE BELONG TO THE SOUND OF
THE WORDS (WE BELONG) ♪
♪ WE'VE BOTH FALLEN UNDER ♪
♪ WHATEVER WE DENY OR EMBRACE ♪
♪ FOR WORSE OR FOR BETTER ♪
♪ (WE BELONG, WE BELONG) ♪
♪ WE BELONG TOGETHER ♪
♪ (WE BELONG) ♪
♪ WE BELONG TO THE LIGHT ♪
♪ WE BELONG TO THE THUNDER
(WE BELONG) ♪
♪ WE BELONG TO THE SOUND OF
THE WORDS (WE BELONG) ♪
♪ WE'VE BOTH FALLEN UNDER ♪
♪ WHATEVER WE DENY OR EMBRACE ♪
♪ FOR WORSE OR FOR BETTER ♪
♪ (WE BELONG), WE BELONG ♪
♪ WE BELONG TOGETHER ♪
♪ (WE BELONG) ♪
♪ WE BELONG TO THE LIGHT ♪
[MUSIC FADES]